ready second model in the Signature
Series for 1112 is the CRJ obviously
it's been a model in the collection now
this is his third year last year this
time we unfortunately had an episode
where CR passed away in Squaw Valley and
we just last week got done celebrating
his one-year passing brought a whole
crew together at Alta whole crew got
together at Squaw and yeah it was this
sad day but also high emotions and
stoked for the band so we're bringing
the CRJ back to you for next year this
has got the I guess where the 8 here
drops down to a 180
there's also 72 and a 64 and what's cool
about this ski as it brings the taper
the widest part of the ski closer to the
boot sole so the benefit there is that
you're gonna have more of a traditional
ski feel underfoot but you're gonna have
the forgiveness and versatility of that
rocker reverse side cut tip and tail so
underfoot a little bit of camber a 25
metre radius side cut on average and one
hundred and 1615 underfoot so you've got
plenty of float but then comes the tip
and tail where you get a quick pivot you
can kind of press on that ski on firm
snow and feel that underfoot grip across
the fall line or you let that ski kind
of slide and smear into the chop pile
and you're gonna let this thing just
totally take flight and float in the
deep snow
so the CRJ is a full wood core
construction abs sidewall sintered base
helping play out in the construction
store we made the see-through a wood
core this isn't a printed wood this is
the real deal so you can see the benefit
of having a resilient long standing nice
smooth flexing wood core ski
construction full wrap edge and yeah
just one of the most versatile sticks in
the in the in the mix I think it's gonna
probably take shape for what skis will
look like in the future given the nature
that you can make a ski this long feel
only this short and tight trees but all
188 centimetres of support and love and
the deep pal that's the CRJ let go you
guys seem a little disgruntled